# Working more on search filters

Today I have improved the multiselect somewhat added some onBlur and on keypress and tabindexes to enable for both better accesability and better use overall. This made me realise that there are some vital flaws when it comes to accessability on my and I will try to correct for this befor this project is done, also I'm contemplating replacing all the select and inputfield with custom variant's this would enable me to get a much more godlooking and consitent styling.

I also made the component agnostic of the exact shape of the option object beeing set and used to get the name for the option but cept the control over that som properties will need to exist on a option of this kind (name and value). I also added func to fetch the data for the genres and languages options from the listennotes api, yester say i just hard coded the options but since I don't know if the suported genres and languages might be subject to changes it seamd better to set them dynamicly.

I also made sure filter are now sent with the /search request and that it's forwarded from my api to listennotes so now the filtering for episodes and podcasts works well (not yet for users tought). I had a smal problem with len_min filter for episodes beeing ignored when len_max was not included this however turend out to be a bug in the listennotes API, I contacted them and they fixed it in just a few hours, which was nice!

Tomorrow I will try to refactor some of for the filters and also add func to hide filters that are not applicable when searching for users (and add filters for users). I will also add func for setting the sorting of the results. And if thers time I will start on the issue with following other users. I might also look into why for some reason styleLint seams to have stopt working (atleast in vs code, in the precommit hook it still works tought)