# updating readme, trying deploy to dev , creating endpoints and views

I stared the day with updateing the readme files of all three repositories there's a few things still that I should correct (mainly intended features and stuff like that in the main repo).

Then I tested the pipline at buddy.works again and for some reason the api was not able to connect with the database, I saw that I was getting a `error connecting to the database: MongoParseError: Invalid connection string`  error when checking the logs for the container on the server not sure if it could have something to do with it not being able to access the .env variables but i'm not sure I tired runing the pipline once more and after that every thing worked fine. Still I should investegate this further before this project is over I also realized that I'm runing a bable interpreter in the docker container I should probably just transpile the code to regular es5 befor mounting it in the container and then skip the reltime transpilation and meaby just use node instead of nodemon for production.

I then created a new endpoint for fetching a single podcast from the listennotes api the actual call to fetch a podcast from listennotes already existed so it was just a mather of reusing it for this endpoint. I also did a improvment to the handeling of the calls to listennotes by wraping the call in a try catch. I did this becouse I noticed that my app crached when trying json pars errors containing html comming from listennotes after sending requesting a podcast with a id that did not exist, wraping the call in a try catch allowed me to handle the error in the same maner that I handle errors in cals to my mongodb.

I then created a new view super basic at first and then adding the actions to fetch a podcast and instageting a fetch to my api when the component for the podcast was loaded I then made the route dynamical and made podcasts from the top podcasts list and search results link to their individual pages. I proceded to breakout a lot of functionality I would need on this page from the listable podcasts and whent a head and reused that in my new podcast component I also made a new episode component that can be shown in the podcast view. There still some styling to be done there and I have to add diffrent tabs for the episodes (listened, not listened and all) like specified in the mockup. I will also try to break out som of the funk from the episode components used in the search results. One thing I noteced however is that I'm only getting a maximum of 10 episodes when i'm fetching a podcast from listennotes and the keys in the episodes objects are a bit diffrent then the once you are getting from the search resul, a lot fever and also the description (as an example) for an episode contains html mixed in with the plain text... So I will probably rework hove I get the episodes from the api tomorrow.