# fixing some issues with followers, creating moreOptions and recommendToUser modals, and more work on notifications

To day I added a event type for removing followers, Aperently I just forgot about that it might be something that Users might want to be able to to, any way now it works! In the process I created a new followers component and move some of the logic from listableUser which was needed in some usecases where I'm now instead using the follower component.

I also changed how the links from notifications are made now follow request links you to the follow page (added a optional param to the route to enable roggeling the correct tab directly) and follow and confirm reqests links to the user profile of that user.
I fixed a urgent styling issus that hade apeard (it was no longer possible to toggle the the playback modal) i'm not entierly sure how this happend but giving it higher z-index fixed the issuse so probably some styling changes I made previusly made it so that the button was under something else (still visible tought).

I also made it so that new notifications (by socket emits) trigger the client to fetch the user again to get the correct count of followers and more, I'm probably going to change this to just emiting the user directly when it's updated but is will do for now.

I created a moreOptions modal that when open also sets a episode or podcast in the new moreOptionsReducer (to help keep track of what episode/podcast triggerd the opening of the modal) I also  created a recommendToUser modal and added func to enable sending recomendations to users, akso updated the notification component to render more accurate text for that notification. I have to change some backend things to make everything work for this notification tought. I want to show a thumbnail of the podcast for the notification and also print the name of the podcast and or episode, but since I can't save this data in my own data base I will have to add an call to the listennotes api to get this data before and atatch the data to the notification before I emit it to the user.

I also added som simple func for copying the link to the episode/podcast page to the clipboard to enable shareing it with others, I need to add some visual que for this tought so that the user knows if the link is copied or not, would be cool to add a sound effect to if I have the time.

